DOC GraphQL schema init task (#493)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/19_GraphQL/01_getting_started/02_configuring_your_schema.md

the [full documentation](https://graphql.org/learn/), but for now, these three concepts will
serve almost all of your needs to get started.

> [!TIP]

> > You may wish to install [silverstripe/graphql-devools](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-graphql-devtools) which includes a `GraphQLSchemaInitTask` task to initialise a basic GraphQL schema to get you started. Instructions for using that task are included in that modules README.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You may wish to install [silverstripe/graphql-devools](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-graphql-devtools) which includes a `GraphQLSchemaInitTask` task to initialise a basic GraphQL schema to get you started. Instructions for using the task are included in that module's README.md.
```

Author: Updated
